No, Dax is going to go crazy on Shibuya.
No, but here's the thing though, I am going on vacation.
Sorry, Liz. They shut something. Got a few, babe.
You know, she literally told me she was like, "No, funny with Purcell on vacation."
I don't know if she knows you very well. I know y'all are married or whatever, but...
Ah, what happened?
Camera says.
What a... What a weekend.
Lots to come here.
Big weekend on Twitter.
I know. Great timing for this.
Let's just start. I don't... You guys have backgrounds.
You got into computers at some point. Nobody cares about that.
Let's just start.
I mean, everybody knows who you guys are.
So, welcome to the show. Thank you for being here.
Super exciting.
Do you want to talk about Laravelle JavaScript?
Want to talk about your selling coffee out of terminal, Adam's working on a course.
Nobody knows what SST is. It's going to have to be a show.
SST is, yes! I have no idea!
Yes, let me tell you, this is the funniest thing.
I love Dax's Twitter persona, okay?
And I have actively not figured out what the fuck he's doing.
Like, I don't know what SST is.
Like, I don't know... I don't really understand if you work there, Dax, or you own it,
or even how it makes money.
Like, I don't want to know anything about it, because I just love your vibe.
And I'm like, if I know too much, it's going to mess it up.
Like, I don't want to know anything about it.
It's some JavaScript-y, AWS stuff. Good.
I just leave it there. So, I'll probably learn more today, but...
It's funny, because that's...
I hear that this is so much.
It's like, I think our marketing is really good in terms of people,
like, hearing the literal name, but it just doesn't go further than that.
Like, I was like, I've heard of this, and I think I'm supposed to say it's good,
but like, I don't know what it is, or what the point is, or I'm never looking into it.
So, very common situation.
It seems to tie into the jaw.
As soon as I see, like, next JS, I just, like...
I just, you know, block out, and I just, like, don't go bothering that.
So...
Yeah, me too.
All your code snippets are awesome.
So, I'm like, oh, man, look at it.
Like, he's deploying AWS stuff with, like, one line of code.
This is amazing.
That would be cool.
Like, I should investigate, but I'm not going to.
Well, I'm not going to, because I don't want to ruin the vibe.
I also have this question.
SST, you work there, right?
They pay you. This is your job.
It's not just, like, three friends working on an open source thing, right?
Yeah, it's funny, because I guess, yeah.
Ultimately, like, we are three friends working on a thing.
And I guess we come off a certain way.
But people always surprised to know that we're a YC company.
We are venture-funded, like, you know, by Sirius VCs.
We're a very serious business, you know, with grown-up serious stuff, like money and things.
But it's a type of client.
Yeah.
I've never compensated a little bit.
You just, like, went way too hard.
No, it's serious.
It's very serious.
No, it's really, it's definitely real.
You don't have to posture.
I'm sorry.
We know it.
We have to go for sure.
I mean, I only say that to contrast with
this is the type of company we wanted to build.
You know, even though it's, it is those things.
Like, we just want to stay three friends having fun.
That's why, like, you know,
our tone is, is what it is.
Yeah.
That's awesome.
I love the two-pounder thing about that.
I did not know you were a YC backed.
I did not know you were a venture backed.
That is, that is very much news to me.
So I didn't know the venture backed part.
I didn't know YC, but I didn't know the venture backed.
Oh, yeah, I assumed it.
But I figured the money was coming in somewhere, somehow.
I had a tweet a while ago where whenever people find out that we're a YC company,
they're always like, really?
You guys?
Like, I was so surprised.
And I'm like, at some point, I just are being offended, I think.
We're breaking the mold here, you know?
But otherwise, you guys are certain, certain style, you know?
You guys have a little different tact to it.
Yeah.
Which is good.
And in terms of money, the company's history is a little weird.
So I joined the team three years ago, but it had been around a little bit before then,
with a completely different product.
And that product still makes money to this day.
It just, we haven't, like, touched it in, in several years.
Oh, really?
Reason being is just the space that's in, we saw like a ceiling with it.
So we needed to pivot to something else.
And it's still related.
Like the other tool was a CI tool for companies in the serverless space.
It just oriented around a certain framework that wasn't really growing.
So we have to just do our own.
That's such a nice way of putting that.
Wasn't really growing.
Yeah, I don't know.
What's the rep, who were we talking about here?
The serverless framework.
They are the most confusing framework ever because they own serverless.com.
So when I was first like trying to learn, okay, what the hell is serverless?
I kept landing on serverless.com.
And I was like, is this like the concept or is this like a specific framework?
So they just had great domain position.
Great domain.
That's a great domain.
Nothing better than a great domain.
Oh, man.
That's the top of my list.
So they were, they actually, I would say made it as a framework.
They grew to a pretty large like usage base.
Enough so that our previous product could make money just serving people in that ecosystem.
But they just kind of went sideways after a certain point.
And if they're not, if they're not hyper growing, we won't either.
So that's why eventually we said, okay, we need to do our own framework.
There needs to be an angle for us that like, you can't just decide to start a framework.
You need some kind of hook.
So eventually found that and we started our own thing.
And that's what we've been working on for the past three years.
And our new products are oriented around our own framework and it's growing that way.
Cool.
You guys have an actual product like, is there a product for sale yet or not yet?
Yeah.
So, so the new, the new framework we started three years ago, we're on like,
it's just been a lot of exploration and figuring out like what exactly we should do.
The newest version of it, which we're calling ion is like, that's like our like,
we don't have any better ideas now.
We've kind of went through the years, made our mistakes,
figured out exactly what we need to do.
And this is like our really like our final bet.
And it kind of fixes all the problems we had in the past couple of years.
We do have another product that's the console,
which is an optional thing that people using the framework can use alongside once they're in
production. It's pretty small, surface area wise.
So there's a lot more that we need to do for.
We're actually working a lot on it this, this week and the next week.
But it's just a classic open source situation.
You just need to build two really good products on the open source one and one.
That works with it.
So yeah, it's a lot of work.
It's a work.
Yeah.
But a lot of it works on a people.
That's great.
Yeah.
That might go in front of a lot of people on Twitter.
That part's so great.
Your question is, I'm not right.
That's your day.
I set my team to screen screenshots because I had some tweet where I use the word idiots
in my in the tweet.
And someone was like quote to it being like, oh, like someone was upset.
Seem seemingly upset by it.
And they also replied to me and I just replied to them with the word idiot without saying anything else.
And then they followed me.
So here's the thing, the people a lot.
This is what I've learned.
No, this is what they want.
I love having been an errand on the same podcast here.
This is like, can we, can we just, can we talk about the time where Dax was the meanest person
in the world to me specifically?
No, wait, what?
Oh, yeah, this is a good one.
This is like, of course he does.
This was one of his best.
This was thermonuclear destruction.
I had just gotten laid off, just gotten laid off.
I thought it was that long ago.
It's not even that long ago.
I got a million kids.
I got like four diseases now.
I just got laid off.
And I'm seeing, I'm, you know, hanging out on Twitter unemployed trying to like, you know,
scroung up some food in the street for my family.
And I'm like, all right, Dax has a tweet.
I'm going to reply and I'm going to be snarky.
Dax says something like, oh, we're working on something that nobody knows about.
If you beg me, I'll release it tomorrow or I'll release it today or something like that.
And I just responded and said, no, I'm good.
I'll wait.
Dax responds and says, oh, I'm sure you're tired of begging people to hire you at this point, huh?
And just like from outer space, nuclear warhead.
Everybody's like, whoa, dude.
I think, I think Jay responded with the ref giving a red card with somebody else.
Yeah, it was just like, oh, guy got a log off, man.
That was brutal.
I think at some point, you know, everyone has intrusive thoughts to enter their head.
They're like, you're like staying there, gross use to argument.
It's like, what if I just smacked the person in front of me on the head or something?
That started happening to me with words.
And then at some point, I was like, I just have to say it.
So now I'm going to just have thought I just have to do it.
I have no control anymore.
So I'm sorry for the cast of me.
Yeah, I can't cosign that strategy, but I'm happy it's working.
It's not a strategy.
It's just like a maybe a disease or something, disorder.
World needs all type, you know, got to cover all the bases.
I feel like Adam is waffling on what he wants his online persona to be.
What's the story, Adam?
I think my default is to be an errand, but I become whoever I hang out with.
And I hang out with Dax a lot.
And I think that's pulling me.
It's pulling me towards this kind of like hateful, spiteful person.
Yeah, I don't love it.
Yeah, yeah.
Wow.
And I'm a midwesterner.
So I don't know.
I don't know if it's actually that.
No, I think Dax is we've talked about this a lot.
It's like the East Coast versus West Coast thing.
Like East Coast is going on.
But he's actually more cut.
Yeah, this is his way of being kind and polite.
Like I get it.
This is the East Coast.
Just another reason why I don't like New York City,
because people think being mean is being nice.
It makes no sense to me.
I don't like New York either.
I'm teary.
Thank you.
Oh, what are these things?
I wish people people talking online about
YouTube fighting about New York.
What's the deal with that?
Objectively, New York is terrible.
And Ian loves it.
That's basically.
I mean, the errand has been to Times Square.
And then that's it.
Exactly.
I went to TV.
He's like, there was a naked guy there.
And it was dirty.
Listen, I ain't got a sparrows and a Burger King,
and the food is terrible.
Like, that's the whole analysis he's given to me.
No, first of all, naked is fine.
Naked and pooping is worse.
And it wasn't a sparrow.
It was a chipotle at the bottom of the Empire State Building.
And I took it back to my room and ate it in the hotel.
Oh, this is your story.
We got it.
Literally true.
Ian, do you live in New York?
I live an hour north in New York.
Suburb, she lives in the suburbs.
I live in the suburbs, yes.
Yeah, that's true.
Well, we have to all go and fix errands.
And I think Adam's perspective on it.
There's just no way that someone could truly hate New York.
It just feels impossible.
It's impossible.
No, there's no way you could actually enjoy New York.
I think people cope with New York.
They tolerate it.
It's just everybody has a different tolerance.
There's no way you can enjoy it.
My soul hates New York so much.
And I've been there like a dozen times.
So it's not like a vindication.
I just can't imagine that other human beings actually enjoy it.
That's how I feel about dark place.
It's the best place.
I also just feel like your business will be more successful
if you're in New York.
Like, I wish I'd moved to New York City.
I feel like I would be even more successful.
Just living there.
You got the energy of the city, all the people, the business.
Yeah, we did.
You didn't move there because you know the cost is too high, Ian.
The emotional cost is too high.
The actual cost is too high.
The actual cost.
I lived in the city for 11 or 12 years.
That's pretty much my entire adult life.
It's like, I just keep moving in places that people hate.
But again, it's just because they only go to the Times Square
or the Times Square equivalent.
I'm convinced.
By the way, I know that New York is dirty.
The entire time I lived there, though, I just was blind to it.
I didn't.
I was just everyone's like, it's so dirty.
I just did not see it at all.
Exactly.
It's not that dirty.
I think city scale, other big cities, way dirtier than New York.
Way dirtier.
And for much like the percentage of New York,
that's like either bad or dirty or whatever, is much smaller than other cities.
It's like every other city you go to, it's like, okay, you got two blocks,
where it's nice and a little two block zone and everything else is terrible.
New York City, it's like all Manhattan is good.
And big chunks of the outer boroughs are good.
And like, it's great.
Did you know there are other places in the world where it's 70 degrees in the evening?
Did you know that?
I don't know if you know that.
Adam, trust me, I do know that.
That's like, and you don't have to live in New York.
As I get older, I'm like, I got to get out of New York.
Like once the kids are out, I'm like, just New York State.
Like just the weather wise, I'm just done with the weather.
You know, like, I just want to be warm all the time.
Like I am getting that point.
Like I used to like the four seasons of all that stuff, but it's wearing on me.
I'm like, man.
Hey, if you want to, if you want to be warm all the time, I've got just the spot for you.
Yeah, I might have to get out.
That's great.
Yeah, Dallas.
I just discovered Miami last year.
I'd never been really into like into Miami.
And wasn't sure what I think about it, but it was awesome.
It was great.
We had a great time.
It was good stuff.
I only spent three days there, but I got to get down there again.
You know, someone showed me a trick the other day where if you're familiar with the city
and you ask Chachi PT, and you're going to New City, you ask it like,
oh, what's the equivalent neighborhood to like the one you're familiar with?
It does like a fantastic job.
They like like describing the city in terms of neighborhoods you're familiar with.
And it works perfectly.
Chachi PT coming through again.
That's a great trick.
All right.
So let's cover Adam.
We should cover a little bit about what you're doing before we go dive into the controversy
of the day, but I was playing around with your tool.
I think your main tool is the stat news, right?
Is that kind of your main day job?
Yeah.
Yeah, these days, that's my day job.
So I was there.
We started like 10 years ago.
I was there for like five years and gone for three.
And I've been back for a couple.
Oh, wow.
So yeah, it's my day job right now.
So just to describe this to people, it's like, well, I was looking at one of the sports stats
and but it seems like it does other things as well, potentially.
But and so I didn't realize it was that old though, because I thought it was like an AI thing.
I'm like, just typing in like, who had the most home runs in baseball before 1945?
And it's like Babe Ruth.
And like, so I just figured it's like, you know, it's a cool little,
they're doing some AI stuff and turning into queries, but you were you were doing that before.
Chachi.
No, we do it like the very brute force way.
I mean, it's not it's not LLM.
Yeah, yeah.
You just get a slack message and you got to go look up.
Shoot, Babe Ruth, go look it up.
Not AWS.
What was that?
AWS mechanical Turk, you know?
Wow, that's really cool.
It does a great job.
Yeah, no, we that's how we start we started just like is it's just giving you like tables
and charts for sports questions.
Now we do have a finance thing sports is much bigger for us.
Like we really hit kind of a nerve in the NBA community.
Now I think we have we have all of North American sports.
We just did European soccer.
So I don't know if you know anything about Premier League, but we've got Premier League now.
So that's a nice, yeah.
I'm more of a I was more of a La Liga guy when messy was there.
But now now I just watch messy in the U.S.
So I don't have to even worry about the Europeans anymore.
Police pulling America.
You know, it's wild.
Okay, so the weird thing about Miami is I don't know.
I can't really explain why this is a case, but celebrity just like randomly end up in like
very normal situations right next to you.
Like these are all the pictures of him at the grocery store.
I did.
Oh, I actually didn't see that.
And I can't I have to like really stress this.
This is like the most normal grocery store on the planet.
It's like where you would go with your family and then you turn an aisle message.
Just they're like looking at jams.
Like it's such a weird situation.
And the picture I posted the other day of Jeff Bezos just walking around my neighborhood.
Yeah, that was wild.
It's really odd.
Wild.
That is the cool thing about cities is like you got that.
You know, there's just people walking in New York.
It's similar to God.
There's just people walking around and it's like there they are.
And then the restaurant with you or whatever.
I think in New York, it's it's so much easier to be anonymous.
I thought you would just never notice someone that's around because so many people.
Like I said, I did see a good amount.
I think the one that jumps to mind is I was at a restaurant
and the table right next to me was Michael Sarah the whole time.
And he did not look good.
You just didn't he just did not look good.
Like he looked kind of bummed out and like just not healthy and I don't know.
It just was a sad vibe.
There was this place on West Broadway we used to go.
That was like this really awesome restaurant.
Just like a little hole in the wall type place.
And there was like, what's that?
I think it's like Josh Hartnett or something like that.
It's the guy's name.
There's like 20 years ago or something.
Anyway, he was just in there like eating.
I think I saw him in there twice and just like, oh yeah,
it's just like his spot.
He just goes there and sits at the bar and eats and like nobody messes with him.
Nobody went up to him and was like, give me your autograph or whatever.
Just like, you know, he's just in a local.
Yeah, we also saw.
Louis CK, like Pete cancellation time too.
And he also did not look very good.
It was also an ice cream store.
So it just looked like he just looked extra depressed because he's just there
like getting ice cream.
And he's like eating ice cream alone, drowning is not a good look.
The only famous person I've run into in Dallas is Troy Aikman.
He was like sitting at, I was at a restaurant once and he was sitting like one table over.
And I was like, I think I knew that guy.
And I didn't.
It was Troy Aikman.
You ever seen one famous Neosarks Adam?
You ever seen Brad Pitt?
Brad Pitt all this time.
No, actually his parents still live here.
So his brother has like an electronic store or something here.
Oh wow.
And his brother looks exactly like him.
Like exactly like him.
But not enough for it.
Because he looked enough like him.
I mean, pretty similar.
If he looked enough like him, he wouldn't own an electronic store.
So it's fair.
I've never seen famous people.
There's no famous people here.
Is that why is that why people live in cities?
Like that's it.
It's the celebrities.
Because I just can't, I can't put it together in my mind.
Like people always say like, oh, you've got everything.
Everything is here.
I think if you have like 100,000 people,
you've got accommodations for everything you'd want to do.
You have like a zoo and like target.
I mean, I don't know.
I don't know what's on your list.
He's beyond it.
Like target is the big zoo.
Wouldn't have even made my list if I'd be in honest.
I don't know.
What do you guys have on the list?
I'll say not on the list.
I don't understand.
You're so you're so you're living such a different life
that you don't even you don't even understand what you don't have.
That's how far.
I will.
I will say saying zoo and bowling alley.
That does that does betray a little bit of the different life you're living.
I mean, I'm not using any of that stuff anyway.
Like I don't leave my house and I wouldn't if I lived in the city.
But like I just don't understand like what are the things like Broadway?
Is that it?
It's like you can go to Broadway shows in New York.
It's like what is the thing you guys have?
Too far.
The other direction.
Yeah.
So liberty.
Just lives on the internet.
That's what I'm the vibe I'm getting, right?
He's like, you're just sitting all native.
Yeah, we do.
Yeah.
Increasingly so.
I will say out.
How do you get off the internet?
This is an interesting question I have for people.
Do you do you get off the internet or no?
Is there anything explicitly you do to get off the internet?
Or are you just too locked in right now?
I'm the last person.
You guys at least have children.
Yeah.
I imagine that.
We're forced.
That's kind of important to like pay attention to.
I imagine.
I guess I imagine a day where I spend like next to no time on the internet.
But I'm not there at now, yeah.
Yeah.
Adam, you fight.
Don't you do like judo, taekwondo, something like that?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Jiu-Jitsu.
Yeah, there you go.
You named two martial arts without saying Jiu-Jitsu.
Yeah, without saying the one.
That's pretty good.
I do know you're vegan.
I got that part.
I'm a vegan.
I couldn't remember the martial art that you do.
Yeah.
I did some yesterday.
My face is a little beat up.
Like my days after open mat, I'm like all black eyed and everything.
Here's a interesting tidbit for you, Ian.
Adam, in his infinite wisdom, was like, I don't need health insurance.
Why would I ever have health insurance?
And then he's like, I'm going to get into Jiu-Jitsu.
And then also separately, for some reason, go to the hospital like four times.
Yeah, literally.
I dropped my health insurance.
And I went to the hospital twice and started Jiu-Jitsu.
So yeah, not a good recipe.
I've still saved money.
Just to be clear.
That's the best part.
Still save a lot of stuff.
No, that's not great.
This is not a philosophy I subscribe to.
This is so risky.
That's the most technical truth.
This is definitely bad.
Wait, wait, wait.
You've got to get the health insurance.
At least just get the one that covers nothing.
Except for like, you're literally--
Even this.
That's the one I have.
That's the one I have, though.
It's not about the money for me.
I've done it for 15 years.
It's the principal.
I just don't want to buy into the system.
The system's just so bad and so dumb
that I just don't want to be a part of it.
Like, what if you lose your house and all your stuff?
Because, like, you can afford it when you get hit by a bus.
Like, that's not--
Don't they say you don't have to pay medical bills or something?
I don't know.
You don't even have to pay on it.
I think you're seeking an opposite.
I think you're the only ones you can't discharge.
Yeah.
I don't know.
A lot of risks there.
Wait, my friends' honor or something
worked at a hospital billing thing, whatever?
And I don't know if this is true.
It definitely sounds extremely made up.
But he is like, the way they work,
if you literally just send them $1 every time they ask you to pay,
they'll, like, some, like, counter-resets.
And then he's just going on for years,
and they eventually just give up.
That's incredible.
You know what we do with every medical bill we get?
Literally everyone that's over $100.
We call and say, what if I give you less?
Yeah, exactly.
Right now.
I was just going to say that.
On the phone right now, I'll give you 70%.
And you can run my credit card.
And they're always like, yeah, okay, that's fine.
Yeah.
It's great.
You just ignore the fashion letter.
You get the second letter, and then you call,
and you're like, oh, wow, shoot.
Oh, geez.
Goodness.
What if I give you 70%?
And they're like, oh, that's awesome.
Let's do it.
Yeah.
It's great.
That definitely works.
Everybody should do that for sure.
Like, because that's just the--
Even if you're like, we have the high deductible,
because yeah, I don't want to pay, whatever.
I have the money to pay for like, a couple thousand dollars
here and there.
But I don't want to have to pay a million dollars
if I get sick or whatever.
So yeah, when we get bills like that,
you just call them and be like, I'm not paying this.
I'm paying out of pocket for this.
Like, what are you going to do for me?
And then it's always at least like 25% off or more.
And that's just with like the bare minimum fighting bag.
Just calling.
I'm sure you get 50% off if you like,
really stuck to your guns.
Mm-hmm.
I've had any greater situation than that.
So let's have to get her a call letter out.
And they quoted us like over $100,000 or something.
Oh, wow.
And we were just like, uh-uh.
And then I went, we went and looked up like all this stuff
and it ended up being pushed down to like around $10,000.
Oh, wow.
And they technically keep trying to ask us for more
and we just haven't responded in like years and nothing happened.
So.
Isn't there something and like I did not do all this research
because I was dropping help insurance?
But isn't there something where like,
they can't hit your credit or something with medical bills?
Are there something like, if you don't pay,
it's a different system or something?
Could be.
Yeah, it could be something like that.
Hey, you just sent the collections and the collections
tries to bother you and they eventually give up.
That's been my experience.
I can see that.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
Are you working over this?
You know, this is financial advice.
No, nobody listened to this, please.
Oh, boy.
Yeah.
This is rough one.
Yeah, I don't know.
I've always had the health insurance.
I like the health insurance.
Sort of a write-off.
You know, yeah, we're on the same page.
There you go.
We have our little disagreements here and there,
but I like the health insurance.
There you go.
Yeah.
I like the health insurance.
Oh, man.
All right, all right.
Let's get into some meat here.
We bought on the mostly a lot.
Let's jump over to the technical.
Yeah.
So you guys are perfect for this because I feel like you guys
are on the JavaScripty end of the world.
We're on the layer of the end of the world.
I mean, I know nothing about JavaScript.
I know next year's all this stuff.
I spent a couple months last year learning React
just so I have some idea what's going on.
It was like maybe I was going to use it
for some projects or whatever.
I have a little idea of like pure React,
but none of the like full stack
how it runs on the server and that stuff.
And obviously this week we've been coming out with
you guys are talking to Taylor tomorrow
is my understanding, right?
On your podcast, so if I check that out, we'll link that up.
But yeah, so Taylor had his little post,
which I thought was from the layer of perspective,
made a lot of sense about how full stack
layerable is and how it lets you build real applications
quickly and reliably.
And it's kind of like batteries included has everything you need.
And versus kind of the JavaScript meaning of full stack,
which at least in my understanding and my limited experience
is more kind of like all the parts are sort of out there
to do it, but you really have to put it all together yourself
and there's not a unifying opinionated,
overarching sort of framework or just even standards around that.
So that's my summary.
I don't know if you guys have anything to add to that summary of the situation.
No, I think that makes sense.
Yeah, it's funny because in this situation,
yeah, me and Adam represent the JavaScript side, but I think
the interesting detail here is we're both.
I mean, me and Adam are both full stack people,
but that term is obviously very, very loose.
Both of us go very deep on the back inside,
like deeper than what most people would say full stack
is because we do a lot of infrastructure work.
The question to ask is why are either of us even doing
JavaScript in the first place?
It's not like this is the only thing we've ever done.
I'm actually somewhat newer to it.
I only started doing JavaScript in the back end in the last three years.
I had a bunch of different stacks before then.
I think Adam's the same as well.
The question is like, why are we even here?
Neither of us like the language.
We're not here because we're like, we love JavaScript.
No backend and JavaScript engineers really like that.
SST also primarily serve, even though we talk about front-end stuff a lot,
our audience is primarily backend JavaScript engineers.
So the only reason any of us are doing JavaScript
is because at some point a lot of us
bought into the idea of picking a cloud and utilizing it maximally.
So prior to this, I was building things in Elixir,
prior to that in Go, prior to that in C#.
Those systems are more around creating a nice little bubble for you to live in,
and then you can deploy that bubble anywhere,
whether it's AWS on your own servers, whatever.
There's little adapters for things, so you can kind of use
some of the features that are in each of these providers.
But at some point, a bunch of us had the notion of,
if you really commit yourself to a certain cloud,
they can really handle a lot of things for you
way more than you can with a more agnostic framework.
And it just gives us a fundamental tradeoff.
And it's fine if that doesn't click for you,
but it has clicked for a bunch of people.
Unfortunately, the best language to program these things
is JavaScript.
That's what these clouds were built around.
And if you look at some of the more newer ones like CloudFlare,
I know Ian's a big CloudFlare fan.
They're even way more oriented around JavaScript.
So we only bother using JavaScript
because it gives us access to all these other things.
If you went and built us equivalent to
Laravel or Lixar Phoenix or Rails,
we just wouldn't bother using JavaScript.
Do we just go back to one of these other systems
that are more mature with languages that we prefer?
That's at least my take.
It's the only reason why I'm in JavaScript land.
I don't have any love for the language or anything.
It just gives me access to these things
that other ecosystems just do.
They just don't build that way.
Well, a lot of those Cloud elements are accessible
from even a backend-oriented framework.
I mean, it kind of removes the requirement,
I guess, for some of the
they've kind of glued it together with JavaScript,
where it's more accessible from JavaScript.
But all the AWS stuff you can use from a Laravel app too,
or the vast majority of it, right?
There are these things like CloudFlare workers,
which super annoyingly, like, yeah,
you have to write JavaScript or whatever.
But all the whatever, S3 or RDS or whatever,
all the big stuff is accessible from anything, really.
So I don't know.
Yeah, it's like--
I feel like when the stuff that DAX is talking about
is less like the RDS and more like the step functions
and stuff like that, where it helps you work straight up.
Right, way out the backend.
Yeah, it helps you orchestrate
what you would maybe traditionally do
in a monolithic backend in Laravel or Rails.
And instead, you break it up into these AWS
or otherwise primitives that then kind of form up
your backend out of these little pieces instead of a monolith.
Yeah.
Yeah, and it's funny you bring up stuff functions
because I hate stuff functions.
And I would say on this spectrum of like going really hard
with like doing AWS native stuff,
I actually don't go that far.
There's just a spectrum, right?
Like I think that Ian mentioned,
like you can deploy a Laravel app
that are using the adapters that are for AWS flavor of things,
like for events, for queues, for all those things.
Then there's like a step further where you're like,
I don't like imagine that you didn't care about
letting me move this Laravel app to a different cloud.
You would use it a little bit more intensely and use more of it
and have, give you like functionality,
like spin that stuff up and down really easily.
And that's kind of the zone that I operate in.
It's kind of the zone that Adam operates in as well.
And I would say the majority of like modern backend JavaScript
that's like starting up today, it fits in in that category.
If you're not doing that, I don't really know
why you'd be running JavaScript as your backend thing.
Like it just, I haven't really seen it.
And like, I don't know, it just doesn't make sense to me.
What's your theory?
I have this theory.
All right.
And I don't know anything.
Yeah.
This is totally the box.
There's no box here at all.
We don't need them.
But like how much is like JavaScript kind of taking over the
mindset of a lot of programming and things like that is,
I guess I feel like a lot of it from the outside world
feels very VC money backed and how are there really a lot of
applications in production in the tens,
hundreds of millions of dollars, billions of dollars
that are running like this.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Like just deploying for the JavaScript front end
and the connectors and it's actually running a billion
dollar business.
Like not just a billion dollar business of like on paper,
but a real like revenue generating billion
dollar business.
Like I don't know if it's just too early and they're not there
or maybe they're out there and I'm not as aware of them.
Obviously like a lot of big enterprise stuff is not built
this way.
So it's more newer web-y stuff.
But I don't know.
I'm curious what you guys are aware about there.
That's like that.
Yeah, what's funny is there's actually a lot of enterprise usage
of this for the same reason I just mentioned.
What do enterprises use?
They use AWS.
What do they try to do a lot of?
Like they try to offload a lot of their work to AWS,
especially if they're not a tech company.
So weirdly some of the earliest adoption of that stuff
is in big enterprise.
Like I don't probably know this better,
but like a lot of the AWS heroes and people from that world,
they all work at these big enterprise companies,
right?
Is that a question to me?
You're at a different point.
We should've gone over that at the beginning.
I thought it was rhetorical.
I didn't know you were actually asking me this question.
Yeah, I mean a lot of the heroes do work at like random big companies.
I know that because I don't know about these companies.
It's like not big names that I've heard of,
just like random companies.
So like they built out a new system in this more modern style.
It's not necessarily running their whole enterprise.
Right? Because like they have a cobalt app somewhere doing something like whatever.
But it's like we have a new internal app that's doing whatever,
something for the HR department or whatever they're doing.
And they're going to build it on this stack as like a freestanding.
Yeah, one of the big examples, like when people talk about serverless,
like adoption in the enterprise, it's Lego.
So Lego had this big transformation where they went from kind of traditional
app architecture to just very modern, like event driven stuff.
I honestly, I know there's like whole pages on AWS site,
about like companies that have adopted these modern approaches.
I don't remember.
Yeah, so there's a lot.
And I think we've experienced this because our SST took a very weird route.
Usually a framework starts low end of the market and then moves to higher end.
Weirdly, we got adoption first in the higher end because these companies were,
this is how they were building stuff.
So they're more familiar with our approach.
And even though our tools were rough, like they had expertise in it.
So they could, they were the early adopters.
We've been working to like bring it down market to like,
you know, the people that are building smaller things.
But those are examples of enterprise side on like,
like the more like startupy type thing.
I hate bringing this up because I like obsessively bring up linear.
And I'm like, so self-conscious every time I bring it up.
Because I think they're just the best app ever built.
And their backend is in JavaScript.
It's, but the point here though, is that like,
my point is like, it's kind of irrelevant.
That's in JavaScript.
Like they're just a really talented team.
And like, they would have just made it great.
And it's not like, oh, they use JavaScript.
Therefore they were successful.
You know, it's just like, that's kind of like an irrelevant detail.
But there are quite a lot of examples in the past, like I would say five or so years.
So this whole conversation, I want to make sure Ian, when you talk about like,
the VC and the noise, like, it's most of the noise on Twitter.
And if so, I don't even know how much of it's even back in JavaScript.
How much of it's just front end, right?
There's a lot of more exposure.
I think the front end JavaScript, right?
Like everybody works at Purcell and who knows what they're all doing there, right?
Like nobody knows like, and that kind of thing.
Yeah, I do think we can't ignore the fact like, you know, they've spent 300 million or so.
I think they've raised another 250.
Like you spend that kind of money in a space.
Like it's going to have some amount of impact.
So you can't say it like no one can say, oh, it's zero.
I was like all natural.
And I do think a lot of the noise specifically comes from them, especially with several is.
Sorry.
They've raised $550 million, like that buys some Twitter audience or Twitter banter.
You just impact in the world.
Like if you spend that much capital on anything, you're going to be able to build something around
unless you're completely stupid.
Well, the linear thing's kind of interesting to me because it sort of represents a little bit
what we're kind of talking about to somebody because like they had an issue.
Like I'm a, I experimented with using linear.
We didn't fully move over to it.
But I was on there, whatever, I get their emails and whatnot.
And it's like they had some kind of data issue where they lost like 12 hours of data.
And like for 24 or 12 or 24.
And I know it was weird to me, like they didn't have a point in time database recovery
and like maybe five minutes of data but to lose 24 hours of data, there's a lot of data.
And like, so to me, it's like one of these like they're not a back end thinking company, right?
So it's like, yeah, we just shoved the data up there.
Who knows what those default settings were if it was configured correctly or whatever.
I mean, now maybe they just lost it through some other means.
I don't know, but I don't need the details there.
But it was, they think that place was kind of weird.
I think they did recover it.
But that situation was actually not from like their database messing up.
So the reason why linear is so impressive compared to other apps is because they sync
all the data to the front end and it's like a crazy complex.
It's basically like treating every browser as like another replica in your database.
So that is like really sophisticated distribution problems and they had some kind of weird issue
with that.
So I think there were some rights that just stuck locally and like didn't make it up or something
or there was like massively delayed and obviously remurging after 12 hours causes a bunch of conflicts.
Yeah, so I think that was that situation.
But I do agree with your point that I think the root of all this is
again, to me, it just feels so made up.
It's like there's a lot of people that start with something like Next.js and they're like,
this is my whole application.
It's just a Next.js application.
And I think the impression externally is like that's what the jobs community is.
But literally nobody does this.
No, like serious company does this.
The reason we focus a lot on helping companies deploy Next.js is because 90% of their system
is this like AWS thing.
Sometimes in JavaScript, sometimes not.
They're using Next.js in the front end and it's a pain in the ass to deploy alongside the rest of
their stuff.
So they come to us and we help them figure that out.
This is not their whole app.
Like they do not care about Next.js.
They're not like, oh, like we have to like have all the latest features and needs to be deployed
number.
So they just don't care.
It's just the react default, right?
Like it's replaced create react app is like the default way to create a react app.
Yeah.
And there are people like trying to use it for like everything.
Like my whole system isn't actually, but you can't even, it has no solution for doing any asynchronous
work.
Like just, that's just a non-starter for like anything.
The real app is coming.
Ship week's coming, Dax.
They couldn't have it this year.
That's true.
That is true.
What is their ship week?
I think it's the same.
I think.
No, Dax is going to go crazy on ship week.
But here's the thing though.
I am going on vacation to Europe.
I'm sorry, Liz.
They should have something got to be saved.
You know, she literally told me.
She was like, no, funny with herself on vacation.
Well, I don't know if she knows you very well.
I know y'all are married or whatever.
But I can't resist.
How long are you going for?
I'm going to Lisbon and Spain for a week.
And I'll be here for their ship week announcement, which I am curious about.
But maybe he could hold out a week.
I mean, I could see him.
There's no way he can hold out a week.
It's not like four weeks.
It's like one week.
Listen, Adam's not going to understand this reference.
But this is red meat for Dax.
Ship week is red meat.
Like he's got a pounce on it.
No, no, no, no.
My whole attitude to this is I have, you know, like you like sort of fire,
like, you know, I've like gotten the smoke going.
And I think other people will, I can delegate this one.
I'm hoping.
Delegate.
To the people.
Incredible.
The disciples.
Okay.
So what did you think, Dax and Adam?
What did you think about the discourse on Twitter around the Laravelle JavaScript?
What's a framework?
What's back in?
Michael Jackson.
Isn't that his name?
That's definitely his name.
Michael Jackson remixed.
The most un-goole thing in the world.
Yeah.
Michael Jackson react router version seven.
So he weighed in Ryan Florence weighed in, Taylor weighed in, everybody weighed in.
Y'all are having them on the show tomorrow.
So what are your thoughts as you're prepping for this big show?
What were your thoughts watching all of us go down?
Prepping.
They're prepping right now.
Dax is allergic to anything prepping or process or
perfect writing things down.
I don't right.
I think Adam had some feelings.
I saw him post.
I mean, I just feel like so when people say like the JavaScript world,
we don't have this kind of like full full stack, full list stack,
fuller stack.
I don't know.
We don't have that, but we do like there are a few of them.
People have tried.
They just weren't the most popular.
Like they didn't take over in the way that maybe like are there
is there an equivalent in PHP world where there's like little like do it yourself.
Grab your own pieces frameworks.
Like what?
Some people tried that.
Yeah, they became very popular.
No, but some people have tried like, yeah, we give you ultimate freedom
to pick your favorite packages and tie them together loosely.
And everybody's like, it seems hard.
So my view is just that it's like random that like in the JavaScript world,
for whatever reason, the ones that went out and became popular
were these kind of like modular systems and the ones in PHP and Rails.
I think what Dax said, I mean, all that stuff about infrastructure
and cloud in the last few years, that makes sense.
I get it. I guess I just, I feel like it's all kind of like straying them.
Yeah, I definitely agree with that.
I think there's like it's people really understate how much things come down
to a specific time, a specific person, things lining up in a certain way.
So Jay, CEO, he described this thing.
I forgot what coach it was, but he was talking about his team over the years.
And it's the same group of people on the team, but it's like a different team every year.
It's like, this is the 2022 team, this is a 2023 team.
Even though it looks the same, it's like, you treat it like a different era.
So I think there is a lot of that going on with things that are like
as incredible as some of this stuff, like to have to get this big, to have this level of influence.
There's so much variability and randomness and stuff.
There's so many things, right?
Like JavaScript, I would say had a big reset with TypeScript.
Like it came out, it got to a point where it sort of became the default,
but then it took even longer than that for people to like understand it well enough
to actually build the right level of tooling.
And that's kind of what's happening now.
You start to see libraries come out that are like correctly using it.
And also, it's like we're at TypeScript v5 now.
I wouldn't even say all this was possible to like around v4.
So there's just been a lot of change and variation.
I'm convinced though that there's been a bunch of attempts trying to
do the let's have a Rails for JavaScript thing.
And there's been like one or two projects that are in that category.
It just doesn't work.
Like I said, if you pitch me that and I look at it, I just want to go use a different language.
That's kind of where I immediately go to.
In terms of the discourse, it's funny because I think when you're building a framework,
you're in this category of in a very small pool of people, right?
Like there's like very few people that I really build and do an open source thing.
And you ultimately, it's this weird thing where you like are so nerdy about this stuff.
So you're like really into other things, even though it's not for you.
Like I'm sure like Taylor is like super interested in what like remakes index is doing just from
like an academic point of view, because it helps him reorient himself and vice versa.
So like everyone's like studying each other.
And there's a lot of like just fundamental respect in that way,
even though your approaches might be completely opposite at the end of the day.
So that's kind of what I saw in the initial discourse.
Like when I saw that, I was like, okay, that's what it is.
I study Laravel a lot for our work.
Like we look at everything from the way they do their docs to what concepts,
to how big their scope is.
And I'm sure everyone is doing that.
So I found that initial post interesting from that perspective.
I think as usual on Twitter, it was like, there's an initial interaction that is fine.
And then like it devolves into a really stupid place after,
which is I think it's just how everything goes.
I thought there's almost no value in like the general discourse after.
Going too far down the thread, that makes no point.
No, yeah, you don't want to go there.
A couple, I do think the history is super interesting and definitely something people forget.
Because I do feel like PPP in general, of course, is definitely my background is like,
and even with Taylor, it's like rooted in a lot of like solo founder with no money at all.
And so it's like, you know, Taylor worked at UserScape, my company,
and then when in early Laravel days, and then he built Forge by himself,
and you know, went off and did that.
And it's like, what are the tools that are going to let one person
with no money go and build a product that makes millions of dollars?
And so that's like the mindset.
Like you don't want to connect a thousand things and have all this complexity.
You just want to be like, I use this one tool.
It does everything I need.
And now I move forward, whereas like the modern sort of JavaScript ecosystem
seems like it's come from a different place, right?
Like there is money and there's enterprises and there's VC money.
And it's like, okay, like we can have specialists even in different roles
and all that kind of stuff.
It's not so focused on what one person can achieve with it.
As like it's legacy, obviously now.
I think on both stacks, like one person can do a lot or huge teams can do a lot
because they've evolved to that.
But the kind of core sort of baked in really deep mindset
is maybe a little bit different there about what they're trying to achieve
and like how they're trying to achieve that from like a business perspective.
And JavaScript is just messier.
Like they're just like as a messier history, more accidental history.
The hottest take I have with this is I don't think good engineers
enter the JavaScript space until the last like three or four years.
And I think previously it was stewarded by people that were just a lot less competent.
That is a hot take.
And I think it's because of what I described like prior to
like, why would anyone good on the back end get into jobs from the back end?
Like I'm sure there were of course there were individual examples,
but broadly, there was like almost no reason to.
I think more recently it's attracted a much better caliber of like,
you know, people that could serve as leaders and things are getting better.
But there is just a crazy messy history with it.
So yeah, like I said, I don't I wouldn't like choose it if it wasn't for a bunch of other reasons.
Well, that's like always the interesting thing about all these languages.
Like the winner, like the back end, the biggest language is still PHP.
Like just in terms of raw number of like lines of code out there and like
JavaScript on the front end.
It's like these languages that everybody's like, oh, they're all they're terrible
in all different ways.
They're terrible, right?
Like everybody beats on PHP and JavaScript forever.
But these are the biggest languages because they, you know, for whatever reason,
some of that ugliness is useful in different ways or it allows more people to access it or
whatever the reason they've actually, you know, kind of survived and thrived.
Even though there are other languages that are technically superior.
Can we hear Aaron Aaron's working on the video, right?
Can we get a sneak peek of this video?
I am working on a video.
Yeah.
So I did a I did a did a quick response video that I already published that I was just so
freaking proud of.
I was just so pumped that I turned it around.
I can believe how fast I was.
I was like, what the hell is it the same day?
Same day.
I called Steve in the morning and I was like, oh, dude, this is this is going to be something.
We have to do a video and he was like, great, do it.
And so I recorded it and sent it over to him and he edited it.
And we got it up the same day.
Super proud of that.
So now I'm working on a, I'm working on a new video.
Hopefully it'll be out, you know, today or tomorrow to capitalize.
Um, and it's going to be, there's a little sneak peek for everybody.
It's going to be called Laravel versus react.
And then, yeah, it's going to be great already.
You know, you know, the name is great.
Yeah, we're good. We're good. We're done.
And then it's, uh, it's kind of a, it's kind of a bait and switch.
And it's, uh, you, Laravel versus react is a ridiculous question.
You should use them both together if you want.
React is very good on the front end.
Laravel is very good on the back end.
So it's going to be kind of an overview of like how you can use Laravel with react or
view or even next JS or live wire.
And it's a whole like, I'm going to have, you know, charts and graphs drawn by Steve
that show like where Laravel starts and stops and where react starts and stops
in terms of like front end, back end network.
Um, and hopefully like my goal, and I think this is Laravel's goal as well,
is not to convince people not to re to use react.
It's to convince people that like there are back end solutions that are really
thought through and powerful.
And you should pair that with your favorite front end solution.
I think the thing that I always see is like the, I think DAX mentioned it where
people like claim next JS is going to be their whole stack.
And then it's like everyone else is like, y'all, how does that can't work at all?
So hopefully, hopefully the video will convince some people that like next is great.
React is great.
View is great.
You should pair it with something on the back end that is powerful.
That that is the hope.
So we'll see, we'll see if we can pull it off.
Nice.
I'm excited.
Yeah.
And again, like just from the systems that we see that just is how even people
doing full stack JavaScript, they build a separate system for their back end.
That is a lot more capable than what this front end framework can do.
So yeah, it's just a weird thing.
Like I don't, it's a lot of, it feels like it's everywhere.
But at the same time, I go look at like our user base.
Like it's like nobody's actually doing that.
So yeah, it's like,
once again, that discourse and the reality are quite different.
Yeah.
You can believe that.
All right, I want to cover two other things.
We got, we've got Adams working on a course and we've got the boys started a coffee company.
So we got it.
We got to cover that.
Also, we got to give a try to buy this coffee.
Just how you buy is totally insane.
I love it.
Totally insane.
We got to give a plug for their podcast tomorrow FM or how about tomorrow.
I'll just give a quick rundown.
The podcast is basically Adams says something like,
"Man, Dax, have you ever, have you ever really thought that we're all just going to die one day?"
And Dax will say something like,
"You know, I've actually thought about this a lot and I actually used to work.
I used to work with a guy.
And so here's the reality of the situation.
So if you, if you like, if you like that vibe, that is their podcast.
I like to think of our podcast.
This is mostly technical.
I like to think ours is like barely technical.
But sometimes we say some things that are technical.
And if you're not, if you're not very online, you'll get like 40% of it.
Actually, Adam, Adam plays the foil a lot.
He's like, "Hey Dax, I saw you tweeted this.
What, what do you mean?
Like, what does this mean?
What are you talking about?"
And so it kind of brings the audience along.
Then once a month, I'll do an hour rant on Bursale and then...
Yes, exactly.
There we go.
The buy you off?
Coffee.
Let's start coffee, man.
Do we want to go there?
Yeah, how did this all come out?
This is fascinating.
I love anything real world.
It's like physical world.
Can we get a box and shove some coffee and ship it out?
Like that's so great.
Is it?
It's all some logistics fun?
It's fun, but it's also not fun.
It's way better than the reality, I'm sure.
Yeah.
The dream of it is amazing, though.
So back up, back up a little bit.
And somebody gave us a story of how these five friends
came together and how you decided to ship coffee from the terminal.
Go ahead, Dax.
Yeah, so this is a while ago.
Prime tweeted the prime engine for those of you that are online.
He tweeted something like, "Oh, does anyone know a coffee company?
I'd love to do some kind of coffee sponsorship."
And I have two friends that own coffee roasters.
But I messaged him.
And it was kind of like, we weren't like,
"Oh, let's do this for sure."
We were kind of casually talking about it
over the course of months.
Then eventually we were like, "Okay, let's do this for real."
So we got together, me, Adam, Prime, and TJ.
All of us know each other from streaming on Twitch.
And we were like, "Okay, let's do it.
Let's build a coffee business."
And then a week into it, Prime messaged just being like,
"Hey, so commentary just messaged me,
and they wanted to do a sponsorship.
So sorry, like, can't do it."
I remember that last time I asked if there were any coffee companies
that wanted to sponsor me, well, there are.
Sure, sure.
Shockingly.
Yeah, so we were like, "Ah, bummer."
But you know, that is like a good opportunity.
He should do it.
So we were like, "Okay, we kind of forgot about it."
Then a few months later, he was just being like,
"This sponsorship sucks, but let's do this for real."
He just wasn't making like any money.
Comment here.
Just get taken straight right here.
I mean, their product is great.
I don't drink coffee at all.
That's another funny detail here.
That's another fun.
Great.
I think it's disgusting.
I hate coffee.
Oh, wow.
I'll eat coffee ice cream.
I think that's delicious.
That's the wildest part to me is the coffee ice cream.
Yeah, it's great.
So when we got together again, we're thinking it.
So the idea was the premise is one, influencers like Prime,
people are trying to do content full-time,
need a way to make money.
They need to sell something.
The people lining up to pay them are usually mediocre developer
tool companies that just don't have it.
I'm just going to be real.
Like, right?
It's not like--
Oh, no, this is great.
This is great.
And it's like, yeah, you can take those deals,
but then now people are following you
because they find you credible.
And now you're like--
It's a whole conflict of interest thing.
If there's not a cop alignment.
If you find alignment, that's great,
but it's obviously hard to find that.
But something like coffee,
that has nothing to do with anything.
No one's going to be upset at that.
Well, enough people were upset at that.
But generally, people are not going to be upset at that.
And then the second thing was,
the developer audience is big enough
that you could probably launch any kind of thing,
where if you can reach millions of them,
that's not like a sizable audience.
And it doesn't matter that you're not
competing as a coffee company.
You're like, in this other bubble.
So let's just do stuff that developers
would find funny, entertaining, et cetera.
We came across--
I use this library for SST
that helps us build really fancy terminal-based UIs in Go.
And then, so we're like, oh, let's make a CLI.
That people can download and install,
and then they can buy coffee through this little terminal app.
And then we found out the same company
builds another library that's just mount that same UI over SSH.
So then it's totally seamless.
You don't have to download it.
So I don't think there's SSH to a server,
and you get that exact same UI.
And once we came across that, it was like, oh, we have to do it.
This is obviously the way we have to do it.
And initially, we were like, oh, yeah,
we'll probably also have a website,
but it's funnier just to double down on the bit
and just say, if you can't figure this out,
we don't want your money, you know?
- It's a good bit.
I will-- it's crazy--
- But the early days, yeah.
- From a CTA or conversion perspective, it's insane,
but it's a good bit.
- It's super high friction,
so you think it was-- - Yeah, it's such a shock.
- That's what you want to do.
- It's incredibly scary.
I'm like, Aaron, is this thing going to hack me?
Are we sure?
Like, I'm like just running this command in the terminal.
Like, did I just have a doc just going through all my financials now?
And he's just like, this is great.
Like, I don't know, it's all scary.
But then there was no coffee for sale when I went in there.
So apparently, you're first--
I don't know, it was the first run,
or if I was too early, but--
- Yeah.
So for the first thing, we did it in a more like--
ad hoc way.
So we went with one of my roser friends.
We picked the coffee and they literally shipped five sacks to it.
Adam was here, and my house wanted-- got delivered.
And it was a giant truck.
- Just giant bags of coffee drinks, yeah.
- Yeah.
And I think all of our reaction,
because it was going to slowly lower down.
And we were looking at it and we were just like,
that's a lot of coffee.
- What the hell have we done?
- Yeah.
- So we bagged all those first bags.
Like, we did the whole thing, you know, like shipped it all--
- Way to go.
- Vex did all the shipping.
Yeah, waited out, sealed them, not the best.
- That's the most of the boxing.
Just to give her credit, she like boxed a lot of the orders.
- That's the worst--
I did stickers once for Laravel, like eight, 10 years ago.
And it was just such an incredible nightmare.
And I'm like, shooting them all over the world.
And it's coming back to me three months later on the Liverpool
from Guatemala.
And I'm like, what, these people don't even know how to put their own address in.
Like, the incredible number of people don't know how to do their own address.
And the whole thing was just a disaster.
I was like, all right, I've never won a ship anything ever again.
So you guys got that done, it's quite impressive.
- Yeah, yeah.
So that was like an initial thing is to like,
try out the concept and see if really it's--
I think with all these little things, it comes out of motivation.
Like, we knew that if we did a smaller thing and it went really well,
we'd be like really motivated to like, go to the next step.
And it worked out and we're all really excited.
So now we have a much more professional setup with my other friend,
who has like, they're going to handle a lot of the logistics for us and things like that.
But we're excited to kind of get it up and running because then just selling coffee
to the terminal, like that's-- and just having it all fulfilled and stuff.
That's like the bare bones.
But there's just so many funny things we can do with this concept.
Like, we had this idea of like, popping up a random leak code challenge while you're checking
out, and if you solve it, you get like, you know, percentage off.
They're just like--
To add more friction to the process.
I'm not an expert but we might need to talk about some of this.
A little bit, a little bit.
But why don't you get some subscriptions in there?
It's fine, because that'll have to do it once and it's fine, you know?
Like, then I just get my coffee every month or week or whatever I want.
So it's just an outlet for like, funny jokes and like little things like that.
We're going to have a monthly box where we have a new bag design
and blend every month with just like some joke for the month.
I love it.
I mean, people love coffee.
I mean, selling addicted substances.
There's not many better businesses than that, right?
Like, that's like really top tier business.
Yeah, I use it to be a big coffee drinker and I do love the taste,
but I haven't drank it in like 10 years, because hers is my stomach
and keeps me awake and whatever.
So I've been off it, unfortunately.
But yeah, I can imagine you selling other things too.
Like, yeah, that's what I want to hear about.
You keep hinting at like the bigger vision and I think on your y'all's last podcast,
Adam was like, oh, and then, oh, I guess I shouldn't say anything.
Oh, no, I can't say anything.
So now that you're here where no one is listening, like what's the vision?
What's the vision for the future here?
So I think one vision is to partner with a lot of other people
trying to do content full time and give them their own blends
and really give them really solid cuts like a lot of these partnerships
that they get for things like this.
I'll make like 50 cents a bag or something.
We want to give people like a majority of the profit.
Just so it becomes like a meaningful thing
that they actually care about promoting and do custom blends for them
and do fun stuff with them.
So that's just on the coffee side, like just scaling to anyone that
wants to, that has an audience and wants to, wants to sell through us.
But I know Adam's been looking at some other things as well.
Well, like every time I have some stupid idea,
I just, I feel back in the back of my head saying like slow down,
like just don't get ahead of yourself.
It's so easy to run off with.
Not a note, just like a real list.
And like, let's take it very slow.
I don't do things slow.
Like I'm very like sprint.
I want to go hard.
Go ball in.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So I've like planned out the next six months in my mind,
like what we could do.
And it's, it's all kind of like pump the bricks.
Let's get.
No, I mean, we're not even selling coffee right now.
So we got to get back to the market.
Like, okay.
So my wife loves coffee.
I tried to buy her some coffee.
I can't buy the car.
Yeah.
So we sold out within 20 hours.
The next round, it'll be like,
it won't be like these runs.
It'll be continuously on demand.
So I'm not going to tell you guys specifically,
but just to give context to what Adam means by when he says he just,
he's like, you know, off the races.
He got wholesale quotes for an item that costs like hundreds of dollars per unit.
Perfect.
Yep.
That sounds, that is so on brand.
I cannot describe how on brands that is.
It's just like the first day I passed my head is like a bronze statue of Dax's head.
And it's just like, glorious to the glorious beard of bronze head.
It's just like, I would buy that.
I would buy that and put it right behind me here somewhere.
Like, I'm going to hazard a guess that it's that cool matte black electric kettle.
That's, that's my guess.
You're extremely close.
It's basically, yes.
I think something's for a little while.
It's like, it's like, they still do.
It's stuff from fellow.
Yeah.
So there's like, they do like branded.
They'll like, they'll like print or itch on to your, yeah.
So like terminal.
That's pretty cool.
Making gear, you bet.
Even if it's like, sometimes you got to take that energy, right?
And like, instead of like going down more products,
go down more connections of influencers, right?
Like if you had 10 times more people selling just the coffee,
that would also be super exciting and obviously profitable and all that.
And companies, like there's some brands in the developer space,
well known that we're talking with, doing stuff, having a blend for their company,
their tool or whatever.
Yeah.
There's a lot of different angles that we could go.
Conferences, even or whatever.
One off things for big conferences.
Well, speaking of talk, can we talk about that stuff?
Yeah.
Well, it's not confirmed, but I think we're going to show up to Larricon.
Oh, yes.
Yeah.
Are you going?
Breaking news.
Nice.
You aren't posting it and I'll be there.
Yeah.
I know.
I imagine Aaron would go because, you know.
Yes, it is in Dallas and I am hosting it.
So yeah, hopefully I'll be there.
I'll be there, yeah.
It's like me and React Miami.
Like I make such a big deal out of it and I just haven't used React in three years.
But it's convenient.
I'm already planning my empire where I'm just going to build a website
that does the SSHing for people.
And I'm just going to take a little cut.
I'm just going to be a middle man.
Even better than selling addictive substances.
It's being a middle man.
No, but here you joke.
But part of what we're working on is like
the most absurdly well-designed SDKs you've ever seen.
Like we're working with the people that did stripes APIs
and they have this new product.
That just helped people ship SDKs that are as good as stripes.
So our API, which we're using, is also going to be a public API.
So you can build your own coffee ordering experiences.
In the weirdest place that you want, like put them wherever you want.
You can put them on a website if you wanted to.
Right in my help desk product, it'll be like order more coffee.
My absolute favorite part of this is y'all have been in software for so long.
And you've just been looking at those sweet, sweet software margins.
And you're like, that's too much.
We got to sell coffee.
Sell coffee, baby.
We got to sell coffee, man.
What's in every business, right?
Every business just comes down to distribution.
And so like you guys are known.
You have friends who have a lot of distribution.
You have your own distribution.
Like, yeah, once you have distribution,
then you just find yourself into it.
Right? Like it could be software, but it could be other things.
And so it's great.
It's funny, like knowing all the e-commerce things
or just like being in this space for a long time.
Just being on Twitter even.
You like hear all these things like drip marketing and all this stuff.
Like the stuff you're supposed to do.
And it like just doesn't matter for us because Prime can like stream for two hours
and get more impressions than we'd ever get with some email campaign or whatever.
Yep.
It's just a really interesting dynamic where you've got already this very active,
engaged audience. We don't really have to think about like marketing
or doing that kind of stuff.
It just happens kind of naturally.
And those things can be the like the optimizations later, right?
Like people are trying to start with that.
But really that's your like later optimization.
Because it's like, okay, once we've like we're doing so much initially,
then eventually it's like, oh, we probably should be emailing these people
who bought from us before to buy from us again and like stuff like that.
Yeah.
But it doesn't have to be the first thing.
It's like a secondary thing after you're going.
Do any of y'all listen to Nathan Barry's billionaire creator podcast or whatever?
It's called, no, no, no.
I don't drink coffee. I don't listen to podcasts.
Okay, perfect.
Produce both.
Yeah. Thanks for coming on the show.
Same, actually.
To be honest with you.
He's he's talking.
Yeah.
This is this is why I'm paired with Ian and Adam.
It's like it's perfect.
It's like such perfect.
It's like the exact same situation.
It's I really am both light mode, both dark mode on that side.
Okay, focus, focus, focus.
This podcast has started talking a lot about how creators already own the
distribution and are moving backwards into making brand deals.
And I feel like this is this is prime pun intended.
I guess this is this is a prime example of that where it's like,
I could sell commentary for 50 cents or we could do a bunch of hard work
and get, you know, a much fatter margin on our own coffee.
And I like, Steve and I are actively thinking about that.
I don't, you know, I don't want to take brand deals forever.
I want to own something.
And so this really lines up for that in my mind.
Yeah.
Yeah, no, you see it everywhere.
It's almost to a degree where I'm like kind of,
I'm like, is this a good thing for the world?
Because if you go anywhere, like to any store,
there's like some product being featured.
And it's always a celebrity product.
Like we are a target the other day and he's like,
the rock launched his new brand.
I love the rock and I think he's awesome and I'm excited for him.
But like everything like all those out, like all those gin.
Yeah, like, uh, you know, there's a bunch of like alcohol companies
with celebrities and then play book, right?
Yeah.
So it's like at this point,
can you make a product without first being a, I feel we're getting to a point
where it's, it's like kind of going into that direction.
But yeah, it is such a crazy advantage.
Cause you're the main cost of any product is what's your cost of acquisition.
And it's basically zero when you're in this category.
Yeah.
I mean, the old days, right?
Everything was so much more centralized.
Like, oh, I'm going to advertise in front of Seinfeld.
And I'm guaranteed 80 million people to see my product, right?
And so like that's where everything went.
But now you don't have any centralized points like that.
So it's like, okay, well, how do I get in front of people?
Well, people still pay attention to, you know, whatever their influencer is that they like,
whether it's a YouTube star or musician or whatever.
And so it's like, well, now that's how we get products in front of people, right?
As we go to them instead.
And there was actually a super interesting article about McDonald's the other day.
I think it was near time or something.
It was like, how like 20 years ago, everybody was like,
McDonald's is the worst.
It's going to kill you, right?
All this stuff.
And then they started making all these deals with like musicians and they basically did this.
And like now it's, you know, more than doubled in stock price in the last 20 years or whatever.
It's like they just had the playbook a little ahead of everybody.
But they did all these brand partnerships and influencer partnerships and all this stuff.
It's not going to kill you anymore.
Now it's not going to kill you.
It's not going to kill you.
It does not kill you.
But somebody else got rich off of it, which is awesome.
90% of America has had a meal at McDonald's in the last week or whatever, right?
So it's like literally it's like 85 or 90%.
And so, yeah, so it's a bit of America's obese.
So what do I know?
No, they're surely not a correlation there.
Yeah, but I think the root of it all is we actually, we genuinely,
I don't think any of us care if this is like massively successful or not,
which is very different from anything else I work on.
It's just like we all like each other and techniques used to hang out.
And especially with these conference things we're doing,
it's like a very easy way for all of us to get together and have it all be paid by this larger thing.
So if it's just breaking even and it's a way for us to have a good time,
it's actually all it needs to do.
But we'll see.
Surprisingly heartwarming from Dax.
Wasn't on my bingo.
To my arm over there, yeah.
I don't need to crush the souls of my enemies.
I just want to hang out with my friends as I expected.
I'm always fascinated by business people.
And like they're like, what I do to relax is I have another business.
I have this other business over here.
This is my relaxation business that's separate from my actual business.
You just see that all the time.
With this type of thing, I just feel like we can't lose.
I'll give you a perfect example, right?
So we shipped out all these boxes and it's the first time shipping everything out.
And like people were getting them in some horrible conditions.
Like they were like, they all got crushed and looked like they got just destroyed.
But that just became a meme.
My people were posting about it and it just became a joke.
So it's like, we just can't lose with stuff like this.
Like let's go back.
You're coming to Larracon.
Everybody?
I know Prime is going to be speaking.
So what's the story?
So we are trying to, so basically what we did for React Miami was a little bit ad hoc.
We're trying to formalize it a little bit more.
Where we show up to a conference a couple of days before.
We'll do like a bunch of streaming to get people excited online.
We'll do a custom blend with custom bag for people at the conference.
Like they can buy it there.
They'll be in our store a week advanced.
Maybe the conference can buy a bunch to give out a speaker gift or something like that.
So we just do, and then we serve the coffee there.
Oh, cool.
For the people that are there.
Yeah, I love it.
Yeah.
So for React Miami, like just on Twitter, we did like more than like 10 million impressions or so.
And then Prime streams each day.
There were like 30 to 40,000 people that watched.
So these are like pretty crazy numbers that are hard to tap into otherwise.
And we're pretty cheap for if you look at like like CPM wise.
Like cuz y'all are for the friendships.
Yeah, so you don't care.
Yeah, you don't care.
Literally.
I was trying to get in.
Yeah, that covers our costs and we get to hang out for a week.
It's kind of.
So are y'all going to come to the Aaron Francis studio of light and sound and do
some streaming out of here?
Yeah, of course you can.
Yeah, that's such a good idea.
Amazing.
Yes, of course.
That is a really good idea.
Yeah, we'll get stuff now down and we'll see.
Because the big variability here is like if we do have an Airbnb,
we don't know what the internet or situation is.
Sure, yeah.
That would be pretty helpful.
Yeah, you can't all stay here because it's literally my office and there are no beds.
But you're welcome to come up here and stream.
It's great.
So it's separate.
It's not like part of your house, right?
It's correct.
It is not.
Yeah.
Okay.
You are welcome to swing by the house,
but probably not stay there for very long.
It's kind of a, we got a lot going on at the house.
It was wild when they were doing that in my house.
It was a one of those.
It looks like fun.
I watched a lot of it.
Yeah, it was super fun.
One of those friends came by to pick something up.
He walks into the door and she sees prime just go up to a camera and just start like
thrusting, just a bunch of crazy thrusting maneuvers.
Yeah.
And I just saw her face just being like, like what is going on?
It's just because Liz's friends just do not understand what you're for a living.
Yeah, you never want one of your offline friends to walk around.
She saw that.
And that's all she saw.
And she left.
Yeah.
Oh man.
Like this is how we make money.
Part would like conferences and stuff though.
It's like everybody wants to see you guys, right?
It's like, but how many conferences can you actually do in a year and things like that?
There are these like just limits of like, you know, what you can do.
But yeah, the conference is more for fun.
Like it's just, we'll do like a once a quarter.
We'll try to find a conference to do and talk together.
Yeah, basically.
But yeah, that's going to be fun.
I'm so glad.
I'm so glad y'all are going to come.
Yeah, if not, try to secure the deal tomorrow on your podcast with Taylor live on air.
Be like, hey, I just wanted to check in on this.
First item, first item.
Yeah, close the deal.
Yeah.
All right.
Are we done with coffee?
I want to hear about Adam's course or we have more coffee.
No, that's that's it for coffee.
Like I said, the summary is coffee from the terminal.
You can buy it soon.
I don't drink coffee, but you still trust me.
That's good coffee.
Also, this is what I said earlier about your podcast.
This is a perfect example.
It's like, hey, you do want to start a coffee company?
Well, I don't actually drink coffee, but I've got four friends that are coffee groasters.
And I know this guy.
Yeah, that sounds about right.
It's at terminal dot shop.
So that's where you get it.
And there's a crazy ask command line terminal that you paste in and just hope it all goes okay.
It'll be fine.
Don't worry about it.
But the reason I know that's where you can't get it.
You can't get it in your terminal.
If you can't, as a sage, we don't want your money.
It's a slogan.
By the way, the reason I know all these people.
Adam is because I lived in a city around other people.
And it's one of the benefits of being in a city.
Bringing it back.
There you go.
There's two.
That's the callback right there.
All right, Adam, I know all these people too.
Sorry, I know all these people from the internet.
So there you go.
You don't know any coffee or the coffee.
Yeah, no, you don't know anyone that can do anything in real life.
No, anyone that has any skills in the physical world.
To know you, I get the benefits of all of those people.
Yeah, no, I know.
That's great.
I'm sorry.
Someone had to live in New York, okay?
In this whole chain of events.
Yeah.
So Adam, you are working.
Are you working with Joel Hooks on this?
Bad ass stuff?
I am, yeah.
Okay, tell us.
You're working on a full-on course.
A full-on course.
It's, you know, Joel the way he puts it.
It's like a full-on small business.
It's like, I want to like teach.
I really do genuinely want that to be like as a kid
before I want to do anything, before I do anything
about computers, I want it to be a teacher.
Like I want to be a college professor for some reason.
I don't really, I really don't know why that specifically.
Like I didn't want to be a high school teacher.
I want to be a college.
Maybe it's a little more sophisticated.
I've always wanted to teach.
And I've always enjoyed like explaining things to people.
Like to a fault that, you know, it's like annoying.
People get tired of me like trying to explain
something they don't even want to learn.
That kind of thing.
So it's an outlet.
It's like, now I'm finally, I'm finally taking steps.
It's always been this thing I thought I'd get to in my career.
And I just never kind of like made the time.
I'm always busy with other stuff.
And still busy with other stuff.
But yeah, I'm pretty excited.
Like we're doing kind of the first steps.
Like have a paid workshop next month.
It's kind of the first big step.
But it's going to be, I mean,
it's going to be like the rest of this year really.
Like the first full thing you could buy and like take a course
will be sometime probably in the fall.
Yeah, I'm pumped.
And then I see you like you're doing a course and you're like,
yeah, we're going to, we're going to launch it next month.
Like, I'm sorry, what's that?
Aaron, how do you do it?
Well, I'm not running a startup.
And I'm not running a coffee startup.
That's selling coffee.
It's true.
Yeah, so I have a little, I have a little bit more time.
And I don't follow like Joel has a very good prescribed method
where you like do a little freebie.
Then you do a course and or I'm sorry.
Then you do a workshop and then you do a bunch of emails.
Like we're just not doing any of that.
And so yeah, that's the, it cuts the timeline a lot.
I do love like working with Joel.
I just having someone kind of like tell me what to do
because I feel like if I were just doing it on my own,
I would never do it.
I would just never get there.
But now I have like people that are like stakeholders
and like asking things of me.
Yep.
That's been very helpful.
Like I feel like I finally take real steps.
So I want to hear, I want to hear about the process of working
with them because it's, it's a very interesting business model
for them where they find people like you talented creators
and like basically, you know, midwife them
through the process of creating, creating a course.
And so yeah, so like how did Joel get hooked up
and what's it been like working with them?
Because they've got a whole team.
It's like eight, 10 people over there.
Yeah.
It's, I mean, it's a lot of the Egghead folks, I think.
Like I can say that.
I mean, it's like he's got this team that has worked on
developer education for so long and together.
And like they're all effective working together.
And they just kind of like, the way he puts it,
I think that I can say this is that they're like taking bets
on different creators to kind of like hit a certain niche.
So they, you know, they, they have got this team.
They do a lot of work to kind of like do the stuff
I wouldn't want to do.
It's the way he puts it.
Like I get to just focus on like teaching the thing
and making videos and and trying to like understand,
you know, what are my students going to want to learn?
How am I going to take them from A to B?
And then they do everything else like the website.
And they manage the live workshops and all that kind of stuff.
They sell the seeds and they do stuff that's just like,
I'm sure I would, I would spend a lot of time doing that stuff.
And maybe even enjoy it because I'm a programmer,
like building the website, that'd be fun.
Yeah.
It's so nice to not be thinking about that.
Or like building like a language or what's the word,
the learning, an Ella, learning platform.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Like everyone who ends up doing a course ends up building
like their own platform for teaching,
like for hosting their video course.
And they're doing that, but I don't have to do it.
So it's nice.
I like it.
And they send presumably they send out email,
you give them content, but they send out emails
and set up drip sequences and do all that stuff.
Yeah, did you all that stuff?
They do everything except recording and editing, right?
You edit your own stuff.
I'm editing my own stuff, but you know,
they do have people for that.
Like they do have an editor that and for some of the people
that they've done courses with,
all the editing was done there in-house by their people.
So cool.
That's an option. You know, I took screencasting.com,
so I feel like-
I've heard of that.
It's great.
Yeah.
I feel like I can kind of make my way around the screen flow
and I'm figuring it out.
That's amazing.
What a great domain.
That's really cool.
Yeah.
Excellent course.
Yeah, thanks.
You also have not mentioned what your course is about or-
I was just gonna-
Oh, yeah, yeah.
That's why I see people to take care of that stuff.
Yeah.
That's so good at the marketing.
So it's ProAWS.
It's basically like- so I started on AWS like 10 years ago,
but I'm very much like a practical like web developer.
I'm a startup founder.
So like I'm very- like I want to build things
and I'm not like an enterprisey.
Like a lot of the cloud is made up of like enterprise education,
like teaching very large teams how to leverage the cloud.
But there's kind of this gap for like,
I'm a small team or I'm a startup or I'm an individual
that wants to build big powerful things
and I want to leverage AWS to do it.
Like it's basically my consulting work.
So I did consulting for startups for a few years, independent.
And I'm basically doing that like taking small startup teams
and helping them leverage AWS.
So it's that angle.
It's like you're a web developer,
but you want to build on AWS.
And I know that you're too nice to brag on yourself,
but you also speed ran all of the AWS certifications
and got them all within like a month or like eight days,
something silly like that.
It's been a few years ago now, but I did.
I did them in six weeks. So I did, there's like 12 of them.
I did two a week.
It was sort of like a parlor trick.
Like people ask me like, what's the value of certification?
Like how do you feel about certification?
I don't know. I don't really care.
We're talking about it now.
So it works.
Yes.
No, I thought it'd be like a fun like.
They made you a hero, Adam.
They literally were like.
I mean, that was probably surely.
Yeah.
No, it was like a fun challenge.
It was like, can I, can I do these really, really fast?
Yeah, we use AWS and I feel like that's just a great course topic
because it's like an infinite source.
It's infinite.
It's so much stuff in there.
Nobody has any idea how it works.
Like you're always scared touching anything.
It's like, yeah.
And for like, if you're a web developer,
it's a very narrow slice of it that you really need.
Very small price.
Yeah.
So it's like just helping guide people through this very like vast landscape.
And like here's the stuff that matters to you.
And the thing with AWS is there's always like five ways to do the same thing.
But there's actually only one that you should pick.
And no one ever picks that one.
So again, this is just teaching them what the right one is.
Yeah, weird stuff like, do I need the API gateway thing?
And now I'm getting charged more money for some weird reason.
I don't totally understand.
And like this.
Yeah.
There's a lot of tricky.
I feel like this is, this is lining up exactly with my database course experience
in that a lot of like, the education is curation.
Like there's so much information.
And literally 10% of it applies to like a modern web developer.
And I feel like a lot of my job is to read through everything and then figure out like,
okay, here's the important stuff.
Do you feel the same way?
Oh, yeah, absolutely.
And like the one advantage I think I'll have going into teaching this stuff is like,
I'm having a hard time getting the material done because I'm still like managing a very
large consumer site deployed on AWS that I've been building for a decade.
So like, I still do this work.
It's not like a distant thing to me that like, I don't have practical experience with.
I think that's a big advantage.
Like when you know the thing because you build on the thing, it's like,
I can't really go wrong as long as I'm staying rooted in that work.
Like I know that my advice plays out in a real world scenario because I'm living it like right now.
Yeah.
Wow, that's cool.
I'm excited for you, pro AWS.dev.
That dev, they did buy the .com for some money.
Yeah.
It just redirects to .dev.
But no, man, that doesn't give me money.
It's not the other way with the right people.
It's you're kind of like a, it's like you're signed to a label.
That's what it sounds like.
Yeah.
Or like a publishing house, like a book publisher.
It's a very cool model.
Yeah.
Here's a funny thing.
So Adam is using a C for the course.
I believe his course is going to do extremely well.
I think it's going to make more money than we do at SST.
Actually, we should work on some kind of deal here, I guess.
I should be giving back to the hand that feeds me.
It's amazing.
This is like the open source dilemma, right?
It's like people are making money on all your work.
And how do you?
No, it's great.
I'm not going to get that.
Yeah.
I'm actually, I don't know.
I think it's fine.
Like we're just three people.
It's not hard to find ways to sustain ourselves.
Oh, it's great exposure.
It sounds really, of course, does well.
Yeah.
It does sound hard.
Steve and I are just two people.
And we're like, oh, man, where's the money going to come from?
All right.
One last thing I forgot.
Where can blend?
It's got to, what are you going to call it?
Are you going to call it like a nambo blend?
Or are you going to do some things?
There's some things.
There's some ideas.
I don't think we should leak it yet.
Yeah.
We don't know what it is.
If you have any ideas, please send it to us.
Because obviously, we don't know what makes for a funny joke.
Well, David is a layer of developers.
David is a layer of developers.
You do have one.
He's been great to like ideate on this front.
But yeah, we could use any more ideas.
Throw them out.
Well, if you need a vibe check before you go to press,
just send it to me and Ian.
And we'll tell you like, oh, that's going to work.
Or that's not going to work.
Maybe we should make fun of PHP developers.
Maybe that should be the angle.
Like I said, like I said, I need a vibe check.
Send it to us before you print it and we will help you.
What an interesting idea.
There's a lot of subtleties in there though.
There's like, some people just consider themselves
layer of all developers and not PHP developers.
And so there's a whole, there's internal factions.
Internals.
I feel like there's some very obvious names
for what we would do that people--
That's definitely a couple of things.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
There's a couple of them very obvious.
Do you remember the funny error that we always used to get
in PHP?
Unexpected like T-puneo Nuko D item or what that was?
Yeah, it's like a Hebrew word.
Yeah, there's just like this random Hebrew word
because like the initial developers,
where there's a lot of like Israeli developers and stuff.
And like, there's this one error you would always get in PHP.
I can't remember it, but it's a pretty word.
That's what it means.
It means nothing.
You know what it means?
I didn't even know it was like a Hebrew word for like 20 years.
Or like 10 years probably.
It's just like, what the hell does this mean?
Oh, man.
I don't know if it's like a bad ink tea or kamiyam nikkadotiyam?
Yeah, that really is.
Yeah, that's it.
I think it's an unequal--
Maybe it's an unequal--
No, I think it's an unexpected double semi--
Double colon?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Double colon.
So we gotta put that in the bag somewhere.
That's a nice thing.
Yeah, you can put that in the bag.
Yeah, that's for the old head.
That will show everyone at a PHP conference
that like, you're one of us.
You are one of us, yeah.
If the blend is called Teapownukudayum or whatever it is,
everyone will be like, holy crap.
You're from before the linters and the IP fix everything,
or you and everything.
Like, you're just in there in a text editor,
like hocking around and--
Hey, that's actually true.
I did PHP for it.
Yeah.
Really?
It's a year.
There you go.
I've had a long time ago.
One of us.
It did it a long time ago.
Yeah, yeah.
One of us.
PHP's the greatest.
It's the whole city.
That's good.
We'll get sure to put that printed on there.
It's just, though.
Yeah, there we go.
I find that on Terrible.shop.
Honestly.
And it's going to be two customers right there.
Karen, but I don't know.
Yeah, we got this all the lead code to check out, so.
No, I don't want to do that real programming.
You're going to lose a lot of this in that one.
I'll open it up in the eyes.
Only-- it is kind of funny to have
like certain items that only people smart enough
can get those items and stuff.
Like, we haven't got any of them, but that'll be fun.
It's fun when it's out there.
Another version of this joke was there's
like different levels to those lead code challenges.
We were thinking that randomly we'd
drop in like an extra hard one, and if you got it right,
we would increase the price instead of decrease it,
because clearly, clearly, you're going to afford it.
I thought you were going to say, like,
you personally deliberately or something.
Like, you just--
No, no, no.
We just didn't feel bad for spending the time to do it.
You spent two hours solving this.
That's too bad for you.
It's $52 to buy your coffee.
It's gracious.
All right, well, thanks a lot, guys, for coming on.
This was awesome.
Yeah, it's a fun thing for having us.
It worked great.
Of course.
Thanks, Adam.
Thanks, Dax.
We'll be interacting with you on Twitter, I'm sure.
And so check out there.
There's a step.
We'll link it all up below with terminal.shop with coffee
and how about tomorrow podcast.
So yeah, check all that stuff out.
And SST news.
Yeah, whatever SST is.
I am jealous.
Whatever I look at.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I love the idea of the bit.
But--
[MUSIC PLAYING]